README: add extensions needed by cli (#958)
platformsh/platformsh-cli: README.md

## Requirements

* Operating system: Linux, OS X, or Windows 10

> * PHP 5.5.9 or higher, with `cURL` `json` `phar` `mbstring` support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PHP 5.5.9 or higher, with the following extensions: `curl`, `json`, `mbstring`, `pcre`, and `phar`. The installation command will check for these.
```

with some notes

- `phar` is only required for the recommended installation method, it's not technically a hard requirement (e.g. you could install the CLI via Composer).
- I believe `curl` support is not really a hard requirement, the CLI uses Guzzle more or less throughout which can fall back to the built-in `fopen` transport. But I haven't tried the CLI without curl. I think it makes certain things more difficult (like configuring TLS root certs?).
- one of `mbstring` or `iconv` is required, apparently for Symfony Console. I think `mbstring` is newer and more widely available/preinstalled.
- thankfully `json` will always be included in PHP 8.
